about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm a freelance website designer and front end developer with over 17 years of operational and marketing experience relating to small businesses in the UK.

In 1999 I created the Scottish and Celtic music specialist retail website [Music Scotland](http://www.musicscotland.com/) and ran this business as owner-manager. In 2011 it was sold as a going concern to another Scottish music store, Oban Music. Music Scotland has sent CDs, DVDs and books to tens of thousands of customers worldwide - music mainly generated in Scotland by Scottish artists.

Since then I've been working freelance for a variety of clients. I design and build [responsive websites](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsive_web_design) with a [mobile first](http://www.lukew.com/resources/mobile_first.asp) approach, that adapt to the screen size of a wide range of devices. I endeavour to code to [web standard best practices](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_standards) using [HTML5](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5) and [CSS3](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS) specifications.

I'm often working with popular [content management systems](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_content_management_system) (dynamic or static) including [ExpressionEngine](http://ellislab.com/expressionengine), [Statamic](http://www.statamic.com), [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) and [WordPress](http://wordpress.org/). Some of my recent projects have involved implemention of customised responsive designs for [SellerDeck ecommerce websites](http://www.sellerdeck.co.uk/index.php/ecommerce-software/category/sellerdeck-desktop).

I also run a [self catering holiday house in Tobermory on the Isle of Mull](http://mull.co) called Back Brae Lodge. 

In a former life I was an itinerant musician with [Salsa Celtica](http://salsaceltica.com) and other bands. In an even former life, [Edinburgh University](http://www.ed.ac.uk/) gave me a degree in Biochemistry.

I live on the rural [Black Isle](http://www.black-isle.info/), near Inverness in the Scottish Highlands, with my wife and two children.

Commit message:

url introduction and content moves

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm a freelance website designer and front end developer with over 17 years of operational and marketing experience relating to small businesses in the UK.

In 1999 I created the Scottish and Celtic music specialist retail website [Music Scotland](http://www.musicscotland.com/) and ran this business as owner-manager. In 2011 it was sold as a going concern to another Scottish music store, Oban Music. Music Scotland has sent CDs, DVDs and books to tens of thousands of customers worldwide - music mainly generated in Scotland by Scottish artists.

Since then I've been supporting small business clients running their own websites. 

I also own and manage a [self catering holiday house in Tobermory on the Isle of Mull](http://mull.co) called Back Brae Lodge. In a former life I was an itinerant musician with [Salsa Celtica](http://salsaceltica.com) and other bands. In an even former life, [Edinburgh University](http://www.ed.ac.uk/) gave me a degree in Biochemistry.

I live on the rural [Black Isle](http://www.black-isle.info/), near Inverness in the Scottish Highlands, with my wife and two children.
