hire-me.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Hire Me
permalink: /hire-me/
---

I'm looking forward to working with new clients - [contact me](#contact) if you think I may be able to help you.

I design and build [responsive websites](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsive_web_design) with a [mobile first](http://www.lukew.com/resources/mobile_first.asp) approach, that adapt to the screen size of a wide range of devices. I endeavour to code to [web standard best practices](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_standards) using [HTML5](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5) and [CSS3](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS) specifications.

I'm often working with popular [content management systems](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_content_management_system) including [ExpressionEngine](http://ellislab.com/expressionengine), [Statamic](http://www.statamic.com), [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) and [WordPress](http://wordpress.org/). These can be dynamic or static; using PHP and a MySQL database or not. Some of my recent projects have involved implemention of customised responsive designs for [SellerDeck ecommerce websites](http://www.sellerdeck.co.uk/index.php/ecommerce-software/category/sellerdeck-desktop), software I've used since it was Actinic Catalog in the early 2000s.

Current availability: *within one month*

# Smaller Projects 

- investigate
- analyse
- problem-solve
- test
- advise
- document

For these I can offer a half-day rate.

# Larger or Ongoing Projects 

- design
- build
- maintain
- develop
- train
- support

For me to be able to offer a fixed quote would require a very well-defined project scope. 

An alternative is a weekly rate for a 'sprint' of work towards an end goal, generally following [Agile](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development) principles.

I would consider a monthly retainer basis for regular, well-defined work or consultation.

Depending on timescale, these projects would be under a mutually-agreed contract.

Commit message:

added clients page, developed design

hire-me.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Hire Me
permalink: /hire-me/
---
Current availability: *within one month*

<span itemprop="address" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/PostalAddress">
  Location: *<span itemprop="addressLocality">Fortrose</span>, 
  <span itemprop="addressRegion">Ross-shire</span>, Scotland, 
  <span itemprop="addressCountry">GB</span>*
</span>

---

I'm looking forward to working with new clients - [contact me](#contact) if you think I may be able to help you.

I design and build [responsive websites](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Responsive_web_design) with a [mobile first](http://www.lukew.com/resources/mobile_first.asp) approach, that adapt to the screen size of a wide range of devices. I endeavour to code to [web standard best practices](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_standards) using [HTML5](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5) and [CSS3](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS) specifications.

I'm often working with popular [content management systems](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_content_management_system) including [ExpressionEngine](http://ellislab.com/expressionengine), [Statamic](http://www.statamic.com), [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) and [WordPress](http://wordpress.org/). These can be dynamic or static; using PHP and a MySQL database or not. 

Some of my recent projects have involved implemention of responsive re-designs for [SellerDeck ecommerce websites](http://www.sellerdeck.co.uk/index.php/ecommerce-software/category/sellerdeck-desktop), software I've used since it was Actinic Catalog in the early 2000s.  If you're looking for a custom responsive design for a SellerDeck 2016 website, I can probably help you.

---

# Smaller Projects 

- investigate
- analyse
- problem-solve
- test
- advise
- document

For these I can offer a half-day rate.

# Larger or Ongoing Projects 

- design
- build
- maintain
- develop
- train
- support

For me to be able to offer a fixed quote would require a very well-defined project scope. 

An alternative is a weekly rate for a 'sprint' of work towards an end goal, generally following [Agile](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development) principles.

I would consider a monthly retainer basis for regular, well-defined work or consultation.

Depending on timescale, these projects would be under a mutually-agreed contract.
